Dev/production doc (#824)
AMD-AGI/Primus: production_docs/README.md

# Primus Documentation

> Production-grade documentation for the Primus large-scale foundation model training framework on AMD GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Production documentation for **Primus**, a large-scale foundation model training framework for AMD GPUs.
```

Reviewer: Just say ay either "Production documentation" (better, I think, as that is the folder name) or "Complete documentation". It is not a "grade" difference between the short and the full doc.

---

> ## Quick Navigation by Audience

Reviewer: The title describes what we are doing here, but sounds a bit odd to the audience themselves. Try something like "Choose your path" or "Choose your starting point". Of course, make sure no links are broken after the title change.

| I am a... | Start here |
|-----------|------------|

> | **New user** getting started | [Getting Started](./01-getting-started/overview.md) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **New user** | [Getting Started](./01-getting-started/overview.md) |
```

| **User** running training jobs | [User Guide](./02-user-guide/pretraining.md) |
| **User** writing YAML configs | [Configuration Reference](./03-configuration-reference/megatron-parameters.md) |
| **Engineer** tuning performance | [Technical Guides](./04-technical-guides/performance-tuning.md) |
| **Operator** deploying to production | [Operations](./05-operations/deployment.md) |
| **Contributor** to the codebase | [Developer Guide](./06-developer-guide/architecture.md) |

---

## Documentation Structure

> ### [01 - Getting Started](./01-getting-started/)

Reviewer: Because no other section layers are numbered, I suggest removing 01, 02, 03, 04, 05. Of course, make sure links don't break after the changes.

Reviewer: Also, the link seems to link back to itself? Either just remove the link, or, probably better: **set up a real "Getting started" landing page, that lists all the topics under it**? 

T**he same comment applies to 02, 03, 04 .... etc.**

Reviewer: Also: the contents that are listed below appear in the different order in the book. **Let's make sure they are synced up in order**.

Start here if you are new to Primus.

> - [Project Overview](./01-getting-started/overview.md) -- what Primus does, who it is for, key capabilities

Reviewer: Change all " -- " to just "—" (i.e., use the real em dash in place of --, and do not leave spaces before and after), or to ": " (use colon instead of em dash,).

> - [Project Overview](./01-getting-started/overview.md) -- what Primus does, who it is for, key capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Project overview](./01-getting-started/overview.md) -- what Primus does, who it is for, key capabilities
```

> - [Installation Guide](./01-getting-started/installation.md) -- prerequisites, Docker/bare-metal/Slurm setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Installation guide](./01-getting-started/installation.md) -- prerequisites, Docker/bare-metal/Slurm setup
```

Reviewer: Also see comment on -- for the last line. Same comment applies throughout this page.

> - [Quick Start](./01-getting-started/quickstart.md) -- first training run in 5 minutes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Quickstart](./01-getting-started/quickstart.md) -- first training run in 5 minutes
```

- [Glossary](./01-getting-started/glossary.md) -- terms, acronyms, and domain concepts

> ### [02 - User Guide](./02-user-guide/)

Reviewer: See important comments I mentioned for 01-Getting started on link, landing page, order of listing contents. **Also: link below don't seem to be using the actual page titles as link texts all the times--let's make sure they do (except when the actual page title is very long)**.

Core workflows and day-to-day usage.

> - [CLI Reference](./02-user-guide/cli-reference.md) -- `primus-cli` modes, flags, and subcommands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CLI reference](./02-user-guide/cli-reference.md) -- `primus-cli` modes, flags, and subcommands
```

Reviewer: We don't use title case. Again, make sure the actual file title is also changed, or at least everything is consistent!

> - [Configuration System](./02-user-guide/configuration-system.md) -- YAML config model, presets, overrides, inheritance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configuration system](./02-user-guide/configuration-system.md) -- YAML config model, presets, overrides, inheritance
```

- [Pretraining](./02-user-guide/pretraining.md) -- pretraining **concepts**: backends, YAML structure, parallelism, config inventory

> - [Backend Training Recipes](./02-user-guide/training-recipes.md) -- pretraining **commands**: copy-paste, GPU-arch-specific run commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Backend training recipes](./02-user-guide/training-recipes.md) -- pretraining **commands**: copy-paste, GPU-arch-specific run commands
```

> - [Post-Training](./02-user-guide/posttraining.md) -- SFT and LoRA fine-tuning via Megatron Bridge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Post-training](./02-user-guide/posttraining.md) -- SFT and LoRA fine-tuning via Megatron Bridge
```

- [Benchmarking](./02-user-guide/benchmarking.md) -- GEMM, RCCL, and dense-GEMM benchmark suites
- [Preflight](./02-user-guide/preflight.md) -- cluster diagnostics and environment validation
- [Projection](./02-user-guide/projection.md) -- memory and performance projection tools

### [03 - Configuration Reference](./03-configuration-reference/)

Parameter references for Primus presets, backend-facing keys, and commonly used environment variables.

> - [Megatron Parameters](./03-configuration-reference/megatron-parameters.md) -- Megatron-LM backend YAML parameters and Primus overrides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Megatron parameters](./03-configuration-reference/megatron-parameters.md) -- Megatron-LM backend YAML parameters and Primus overrides
```

> - [TorchTitan Parameters](./03-configuration-reference/torchtitan-parameters.md) -- Primus TorchTitan preset keys and common JobConfig fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TorchTitan parameters](./03-configuration-reference/torchtitan-parameters.md) -- Primus TorchTitan preset keys and common JobConfig fields
```

> - [MaxText Parameters](./03-configuration-reference/maxtext-parameters.md) -- Primus MaxText overlay defaults and common fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MaxText parameters](./03-configuration-reference/maxtext-parameters.md) -- Primus MaxText overlay defaults and common fields
```

> - [Megatron Bridge Parameters](./03-configuration-reference/megatron-bridge-parameters.md) -- Megatron Bridge recipe, SFT, and pretraining fields surfaced through Primus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Megatron Bridge parameters](./03-configuration-reference/megatron-bridge-parameters.md) -- Megatron Bridge recipe, SFT, and pretraining fields surfaced through Primus
```

> - [Environment Variables](./03-configuration-reference/environment-variables.md) -- practical reference for commonly encountered environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Environment variables](./03-configuration-reference/environment-variables.md) -- practical reference for commonly encountered environment variables
```

> ### [04 - Technical Guides](./04-technical-guides/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [04 - Technical guides](./04-technical-guides/)
```

> ### [04 - Technical Guides](./04-technical-guides/)

Reviewer: See my comments on 01 and 02.

Deep technical topics for advanced users.

> - [Parallelism Strategies](./04-technical-guides/parallelism-strategies.md) -- DP, TP, PP, SP, CP, EP, FSDP explained

Reviewer: Change all titles to use sentence case. I will skipping commenting them one by one below....

- [Monitoring and Logging](./05-operations/monitoring-logging.md) -- WandB, TensorBoard, MLflow, Primus logging
- [Troubleshooting](./05-operations/troubleshooting.md) -- common failures, diagnostics, and fixes
- [Security](./05-operations/security.md) -- secrets handling, container security, dependencies

### [06 - Developer Guide](./06-developer-guide/)

For contributors and maintainers.

- [Architecture](./06-developer-guide/architecture.md) -- system design, runtime, backends, patch system
- [Contributing](./06-developer-guide/contributing.md) -- development setup, code style, PR process
- [Testing](./06-developer-guide/testing.md) -- test types, running tests, CI pipeline
- [Extending Backends](./06-developer-guide/extending-backends.md) -- adding new training backends
- [Adding Models](./06-developer-guide/adding-models.md) -- adding model configurations per backend
- [Model Support Matrix](./06-developer-guide/model-support-matrix.md) -- supported models per backend and GPU

### [Appendix](./appendix/)

- [Documentation Gaps](./appendix/gaps-and-verification.md) -- items needing maintainer verification

---

> ## Quick Use-Case Navigation

Reviewer: Again, don't mention Navigation; just change to something like "Common use cases" or "Use cases" or "Jump to a use case"

Also, consider moving it up to under the navigation by role section. That feels more natural.
